# cs333Project
For more than 30 years, Project Gutenberg has collected the texts of public-domain books and made them available in electronic form.

Although some titles are available in html or other richer formats, the project started by collecting books as simple ASCII text files. This project is aimed at providing these files in a more web-friendly format.

There are two components to converting a text file into the desired “paged” format: generating html versions of the pages and preparing an index of the pages.

1 Splitting the Book into Pages

Input to the system will be a book in ASCII .txt format, such as this one. The name of the file containing this book will be supplied as a command line parameter (the only one required by this program.)

The first step in preparing this for the web will be to split this text into web pages, each page but the last containing MAX_LINES_PER_PAGE lines.

The generated web pages will be written to files named “page*NNNN*.html”, where NNNN is a 4 digit number starting at 0001, then 0002, and so on.

Each generated page will consist of an html “wrapper” around the selected lines of text. The wrapper includes the book title (extracted from the Gutenberg text file) and links to the previous page, the next page, and the index page. For example, page 0024 of a book would look like:

html
  head
    titleBookTitle/title
  /head
  body
    p
      a href="page0001.html"First/a,
      a href="page0023.html"Prev/a,
      a href="page0025.html"Next/a,
      a href="indexPage.html"Index/a
    /p
    hr/
    pre
    Lines of text from
    the book appear here, exactly
    as they appear in the text file.
    /pre
  /body
/html
The first page will not have the “Prev” link. The final page will not have the “Next” link. The book title can be extracted from the earliest line in the text file that begins with “Title:”.

2 Generating an Index

The final page generated by the program will be stored in “indexPage.html”. This page will look like:

html
  head
    titleBookTitle/title
  /head

  body
    p
      a href="page0001.html"First/a
      /p
    hr/
    p
      a href="#A"A/a
      a href="#B"B/a
      a href="#C"C/a
      ...
      a href="#Z"Z/a
    /p
    hr/
    h1Index/h1

    h2 id="A"A/h2
    ul
      liangle
        a href="page0001.html"1/a
        a href="page0003.html"3/a
        a href="page0023.html"23/a
      /li
      liarcs
        a href="page0025.html"25/a
        a href="page0026.html"26/a
      /li
    /ul

    h2 id="B"B/h2
    ul
      libars

      ...

  /body
/html
The main portion of the page has a section for each letter from A..Z. Each section has an h2 header and a ul.../ul list. Inside that list will be one li.../li entry for each index term beginning with the corresponding letter. Each such entry will contain the index term followed by a list of a.../a links to pages where that term occurs.

Details:

The index terms will be listed in alphabetical order.
An index term is a word occurring in the book. It consists of consecutive alphabetic characters an must either occur at the beginning of a line or must be preceded by a blank.
Words of 3 letters or less will not be used as index terms.
All index terms will be converted to lower case before being inserted into the index. Words in the text that differ only in the upper/lower case of their letters will be considered to be instances of the same index term.
For an index term to be useful, it must direct one to a limited portion of the book. Consequently, any word that occurs on more than PAGE_THRESHOLD percentage of the total pages will not be treated as an index term.
The constants MAX_LINES_PER_PAGE and PAGE_THRESHOLD will be declared in a header file indexConstants.h



1 Instructions

Implement the bookindex program. All work on this project MUST be done individually - NO pairs or teams allowed.

To date, you should have developed a test specification, an algorithm design, and ADT designs for this project. Now you will need to develop the actual test data that fulfills your spec, implement those ADTs, and complete the bookindex application itself.

In the real world, your designs would have been submitted for review by your peers and managers. It’s not uncommon for flaws in the orginal design and/or problem specification to be discovered during this process.

In this (simulated) project, the reviewers have decided that the project specifications contained a flaw. After looking at some of your proposed tests and “walking through” what the expected outputs would be, the reviewers have decided that too many common English words will wind up in the index. The difficulty is that the proposed test based on PAGE_THRESHOLD will not filter out many ordinary words that happen to be used on only a few pages. For example, the word “twice” might appear in only a few pages, but is probably not a useful index term. The PAGE_THRESHOLD should not be abandoned entirely. It’s very good at removing terms closely related to the subject of a book (e.g., there’s no point indexing the word “Alice” in the book Alice in Wonderland), just not so good with ordinary words.

The reviewers have therefore suggested an additional test to see if a word should be treated as an index term. Before it begins processing a book, the program should read in a “stop list” of common terms (from the file stoplist.txt). Any word found in a book that is also in the stoplist should not appear in the index.

2 What To Turn In

You should submit

Your .h and .cpp files required to build the program.
Your project should not require 3rd-party libraries or code of any kind.
A file COMPILE.txt describing what command to use to compile your code on our Unix system, or a makefile to accomplish this task. You may omit these if the command
g++ -g *.cpp
would suffice.

An updated version of your top-down design, with discussion indicating how/if your design has changed since the original submission.

Your test data. Each test will consist of a single text file containing a “book” to be processed by your program.
An updated version of your test specification. To each test case in your specification, add the name of the file you would present in the command line to perform the test. This should be one of the files you have turned in as part of your submission. It is acceptable for one test file to satisfy multiple test cases.
You should arrange your files to be submitted into directories as follows:

Everything should be contained in a directory named “cs333project”
The cs333project directory will contain
Your updated top-down design, named “design.pdf” or “design.txt”.
A directory named “src”
Inside the src directory, place all of your .h and .cpp files.
Place your COMPILE.txt file (if any) there as well.
A directory named “test”
Inside the test directory, place all of your test data files. You need not include the stoplist.txt file.
Place your test specification, named “testSpec.pdf” or “testSpec.txt”, in this directory as well.
Do not submit object code or executable files.

When all of you files have bee arranged into the cs333project directory, combine them into a single cs333project.zip file for submission. For example, on the Unix system, the command to do this would be
zip -9 -r cs333project.zip cs333project
assuming you have cd’d into the directory containing the cs333project directory.

3 Files Provided

You will be provided with the stoplist file stoplist.txt and a header file indexConstants.h containing the declarations of the special constants PAGE_THRESHOLD and MAX_LINES_PER_PAGE.

You will find the files provided for this assignment can be found in this directory, or, if you are logged in to a CS Dept machine, in /home/cs333/Assignments/proj_impl_bookindex.

Use the button below to submit your completed program.
